## Monday {{date}}

- [ ] [Update Telework](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/16AZZBiKL1s6eGgH2KFiJPnD8-TjRsC0HYy4Qdmbr358/edit#gid=0)
- [ ] 0830AM [NPPS Coffee](https://bnl.zoomgov.com/j/16157150845?pwd=NXNqTi9ZWEFBKzYwRXQ5U3NXU1dBZz09)

------------------------------------------------------------

Templates are now created daily

SHREK
---

- Added schema check on test yaml files for the more-complicated-example.
- Schema is now enforced when building the workflow document
- Panda / pchain should validate the CWL... (it doesn't at the moment...) but this should be part of the test suite...
	- Annoyingly, pchain is just a script... no execute_pchain option in the API.  Fine, just shell it out.  os.system('pchain ...')  should return w/ 0 as exit code...

- Workflow builder script is functional.
- Schema is not quite right b/c confusion between data set name vs tokens in cwl which represent the data sets.

What remains to be done to create a functional prototype?
- [ ] Resolve confusion re: data sets
- [x] Implement a submission area ✅ 2022-04-25
- [x] Implement creation of the shell scripts in the submission area ✅ 2022-04-25
- [ ] Decide on how macros get staged into the area

Useful additional features: 
- [ ] Declare requirements...

Staging dependencies into the job submission area...  a declaritive approach seems to be preferable here.  If we were to require users to *declare* what file(s) are needed to run a particular job, we can enforce that (1) they will exist on the remote node when the job lands there, and (2) that they are not overwritten / duplicated b/c of some problem between chair and keyboard.


