## Friday {{date}}

- [ ] 1000AM [NPPS Weekly Meeting](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1YfTyXPeXNQU4XUB28bvHJolgyBIJ2bfrd0u9Gd3WD70/edit)[zoom](https://bnl.zoomgov.com/j/16157150845?pwd=NXNqTi9ZWEFBKzYwRXQ5U3NXU1dBZz09)
- [ ] TODO: Weekly Summary

---

SHREK...

The PanDA is still upset at me... or maybe she's upset at the Condor, and just not passing any work to him.  Regardless, looks like i am stalled on this.  Sent an email to Tadashi / Paul about this, but...

Here is an operational issue.  I submitted jobs 18h ago, and nothing is going through.  I am not the only user who is experiencing this.  From a production standpoint...  who is responsible for catching these issues?  Seems like infrastructure / facility should be on top of keeping the PanDA happy.  

... okay, once alerted to the problem, Tadashi quickly identified and corrected it.  But... PanDA was down for 18 hours.  From a production standpoint, once I launch jobs ... I really don't plan on babysitting the monitor pages until I see them going through.  I realize that PanDA @ BNL is a work in progress still, but...  would expect that when a component fails... JEDI in this case... someone should feel a disturbance in the force, rather than wait on users to notice a problem.   So...

I need to setup some automatic monitoring that will checkup on job submission once a job is launched... probably use cronjobs to periodically enquire and then make an update somewhere...  and send an email if nothing is moving after set period of time...

...

Otherwise...  jobs are now running and I should be able to make progress today...

---

STAR sTGC Material Budget Questions

Student working on new sTGC geometry...
 /star/u/nlewis/ForwardTracking/star-sw/StarVMC/Geometry/StgmGeo/StgmGeo1.xml
 
 [Material Budget Plots](https://drupal.star.bnl.gov/STAR/system/files/FTT_2.pdf)
 
 The 2D plot "makes sense"  But once they start separating by components (and projecting) it stops making sense...
 
 "We found each element's contribution to the material budget by deleting it from the geometry xml file, recompiling, and then running the material budget code again."
 
No es beueno!

