## Monday {{date}}

- [ ] [Update Telework](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/16AZZBiKL1s6eGgH2KFiJPnD8-TjRsC0HYy4Qdmbr358/edit#gid=0)

Hallway discussion w/ Kolja regarding geometry representations...  Dug up a [presentation](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1cXiCbyErepP6Hs8_O0mw4AnWj4jptTXAnbL7EFVh4I8/edit?usp=sharing) I gave to EIC from ~2019 giving an (incomplete, slightly biased) summary of available frameworks / toolkits.

At that time had reviewed the FairRoot, DD4Hep, GEMC frameworks, plus discussed the use of AgML in STAR.  Did not examine F4A.  

Current use case for EIC (discussed w/ Kolja) is that there should be alot of swapping out of subsystems against a baseline detector.  So...

Requirement is for modularity.   In particular, modularity of the geometry *and* the data model.  At least insofar as being able to assign a unique identify to each physical sensitive volume.  In that I see support provided in DD4Hep... although it seems to be heavyweigt.  With AgML we assign a unique ID to each SV.  (It is used defined function... not attached to geometry but easily could be).  

Looking at the DD4Hep code... signivficant amounts of boilerplate code need to be created to build a functional geometry model.  While it is modular, the overhead reduces this utility.

SO... thinking about a greenfield approach.  What would it take to build a functional system with low boilerplate?

Full (sub) detector description should be based around a module file.
Domain specific language... based on YAML.

```
Module:
  name: TpcTopGeometry
  comment: Some documentation block
  Material: 
    name: Air
  Cylinder:
    R: 40.0
	dZ: 50.0
```

