## Friday {{date}}

- [ ] 1000AM [NPPS Weekly Meeting](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1YfTyXPeXNQU4XUB28bvHJolgyBIJ2bfrd0u9Gd3WD70/edit)[zoom](https://bnl.zoomgov.com/j/16157150845?pwd=NXNqTi9ZWEFBKzYwRXQ5U3NXU1dBZz09)
- [ ] TODO: Weekly Summary

- SHREK... still running into input DS problems on server side.  Guess paul and tadashi do not have the ability to test independent of me.

- Reviewed Akio's changes to StEvent.  Addition of class to hold geant track ID is not needed, plus he does not need to store two integers to identify the parent track... no need ot trace back to the primary track when it is stored in the MuDst.

- More shrek...  need to focus on production features if I can't make progress implementing the sPHENIX workflow.   Documentation ala github.  
	- We could establish a project repository for the production.
	- Keep things on branches:
		- Development branch holds submission artefacts as a workflow is developed.  Each tag is stored in a directory.  Every submission should be an entry in a readme file.
		- Test branch for ... testing.
		- Production branch holds submission artefacts for a full production.  Readme will be updated.  Repository will be tagged with the ... tag.
		
		[Github API](https://pygithub.readthedocs.io/en/latest/introduction.html#)
		[Another github API](https://github.blog/2020-12-18-learn-about-ghapi-a-new-third-party-python-client-for-the-github-api/)