## Tuesday {{date}}

- [ ] 0100PM [NPPS Distributed Software](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1L8DAzhCwpVoRM_WptpZFKqJev4-odk4xDl5rDK6JMYs/edit#heading=h.d6jxgv7ina59)[zoom](https://bnl.zoomgov.com/j/16157150845?pwd=NXNqTi9ZWEFBKzYwRXQ5U3NXU1dBZz09)

### STAR FCS Hit / StEvent

DIscussed w/ Akio the upcoming PR for the FCS codes... specifically in RE to the StEvent classes.  In StFcsHit (and cluster) he wants to extend ID truth, such that he can track the multiple tracks which contribute to the hits.  Here he is storing a pair of (ID, dE) so that he can determine the leading contributor, as well as the fraction of other contributors.

- Discussed why I don't like a custom StGeantTrack class (which only stored ID, dE)... b/c temptation to extend this further, and we only want the minimal info to key into the MC event reccord...
- DIscussed preference for moving the sorting logic into the fast  / slow simulators...
	- Argument for keeping this is that it is "good object oriented programming"
	- Arguement againt it is separation of concerns...
	- Bleh
- std::pair was not working, but when (correctly) added to the ROOT linkdef file... (both the vector and pair declarations) it seems to be working...
- Akio will work on this this week... aiming for a PR ~soon.  But in August when he returns from vacation if not by end of the week.

### sPHENIX workflow....
- Setup run ... 2 jobs ... explicit declaration of 2 jobs in runPIleup.yaml?  Seems to resolve the problem?  


### Rucio Take 1

- [x] `pip install rucio-clients`

First attempt at running rucio... expectation (b/c I have no rucio account / credentials):

$ rucio whoami
cannot get auth_token
2018-01-30 16:50:08,554 ERROR   Cannot authenticate.
Details: x509 authentication failed
2018-01-30 16:50:08,554 ERROR   Please verify that your proxy is \
  still valid and renew it if needed.
  
  
... what I get instead...

$ rucio whoami
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "/sphenix/u/jwebb2/local/miniconda3/bin/rucio", line 52, in <module>
...
RuntimeError: Could not load Rucio configuration file. Rucio looked in the following paths for a configuration file, in order:
	/opt/rucio/etc/rucio.cfg

	rucio -h, --help.... same issue...
	
	Looking in a global rather than local area for configuration...
	How to setup the configuration for a local install?
	Log out / log in?  Nope... did not change my environment...


