## Wednesday {{date}}

- [ ] 0830AM [NPPS Coffee](https://bnl.zoomgov.com/j/16157150845?pwd=NXNqTi9ZWEFBKzYwRXQ5U3NXU1dBZz09)
- [ ] 1000AM [sPHENIX Distributed Computing](https://bnl.zoomgov.com/j/16157150845?pwd=NXNqTi9ZWEFBKzYwRXQ5U3NXU1dBZz09)
- [ ] 1200PM [STAR S&C Meeting](https://lbnl.zoom.us/j/97026562983?pwd=VGVXbzhYUUhheEJ2cFMyVVdVRXowZz09)

Wow.  Wednesday already.  

SHREK / sPHENIX workflows...

Looking at running sPHENIX workflow for HF plus pileup, running the minbias simulation samplle in situ.

Pythia8 minbias appears to run using input HepMC files  located here: /sphenix/sim/sim01/sphnxpro/MDC1/pythia8_HepMC/data/ 

Each file has 10k events.

Would like to split that up a bit.  1k events / job.  10 jobs per input file.

Cannot currently use Rucio as part of job submission...

---

One thing of note... submission directory contains all bash scripts generated.  So.... we are not working in complete isoltation when we hit the remote resource.  All shell scripts are present.  Hrmmm... 

---

PanDA is annoying me....

1) Accidently logged in w/ my jwebb credentials instead of jwebb2... had to clear cache and cookies in web brower, fine...
2) Looks like symbolic linkes are followed when submitting jobs.  Good.  Ish.  The HEPMC files which we need for input are too damn big.  They get dropped.  Sigh.  I suspect I need to update max files size on the prun declaration in the CWL as well?

  skip large file ./__Pythia8MinbSimulation/pythia8_mb-0000000001-00078.dat:1442896870B>1048576B
  skip large file ./__Pythia8MinbSimulation/pythia8_mb-0000000001-00066.dat:1442565829B>1048576B
INFO : please use --maxFileSize or --extFile if you need to send the skipped files to WNs

... pchain accepts neither of the suggested arguments... WTF?  Okay.  Will simply cheat the system here and do a direct access...

[Jobs are Running](https://panda-doma.cern.ch/tasks/?jeditaskid=66368|66369)





STAR / S&C Meeting
- eTOF 
	- near term goal run 20 FXT datasets... eTOF performance sub standard.  
		- Bug Iin code / latest calibartion not loaded
		- FIx PR made / merged
		- Repass Mu to Pico?  Matching issue?    
			- In principle, yes... this is a fix.  Need proper chain options / macro...
	- moar issues
		- on the fly calibration / fixed
		- shift due to changes to calibration / fixed
		- alignment needs to be made
			- applied
		- geometry is updated / PR is made...
			- But I heard... alignment tables...
			- Inquire about simulation geometry misalignments...
				- Nope.  They should not require these... anything on the TPC side (calibrations, alignments, etc...) end up rolled into uncertainties in the eTOF alignments... which of course need to be accounted for 

