- sPHENIX Production System
	- Time to settle on some design decisions
	- Each step in a production worfklow should be described by a single source
	- The description should be complete b/c it has to be able to run the job
	- The description should be compact b/c a human being must maintain / implement it / minimize PBCK errors 
	- ...
	- cwl-runner now available as standard part of sPHENIX stack...
	- 

- StEvent maintence 
	- Will discuss w/ Thomas this afternoon
	- Short discussion... most of which I knew (to some degree of confidence...) but two things I didn't really know..
	- Pointers / references need to be flagged as "//!" so they do not get written multiple times.  (Know this, of course, but need to really remember it and look for it to ensure we don't overbloat the stevent files.)
	- ClusteringHints -- have nothing to do with clustering, per se.  But rather was an early attempt at establising a microDst (flag information as important or not, and only save the stuff that is important for analysis...)
	- Some insights into the history of StEvent...
		- StEvent was originally designed w/out persistence in mind b/c of the ... object DB ideas... 
		- then went to ROOT
		- Victor added in persistence... 
	- SOme things to watch out for...
		- ClassDef of course must be incremented each time the memory layout of a class changes.  (add/delete/swap)
		- People may make this change if they add/delete a function, but who cares... (of course, it is not a big deal if they increment... just not needed.)
		- STAR coding standards state that ROOT types (Int_t etc...) should be used for persistent classes while c-types (int etc...) in code.  Thomas feels this is better optimized / optimizable by the compiler
		- Watch out for excessive use of enums
	


- StArray assert in Embeddinng...
	- Good news... caused in StEmcMixerMaker.... (can therefore speed things up by dropping track reconstruction completely...)
	- Assert occurs when an EMC collection is added to StEvent
		- The collection fails the following
	
	```
	(gdb) p val->TestBit(TObject::kNotDeleted)                           $6 = false   
	```
 
	- Error in the neighborhood that StMcEvent is not found...
	- This is the only (first) event where StMcEvent was not found...
		- So we are likely falling into something of a corner case
	- Looking at StEmcSimulatorMaker...
		- When StMcEvent *is not found*, no StEmcCollection will be created in this event.
		- StEmcSimulatorMaker does not *clear* the mEmcCollection pointer from the previous event...
		- so...
		- We will be looking at a stale mEmcCollection pointer.

... no g2t_vertex, track or tpc hit collection found in the event... have we encountered EOF?

It looks like we have run off the end of the data in the FZD file *without* raising the EOF flag somehow?  WTF?

Nope.... there are empty events in the FZD file.  Dafuq?