## Monday {{date}}

- [x] [Update Telework](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/16AZZBiKL1s6eGgH2KFiJPnD8-TjRsC0HYy4Qdmbr358/edit#gid=0)

-----------------------------------------------------------

Workflow is now running... after (1) adding --site BNL_OSG_SPHENIX, and (2) adding --avoidVP to the prun commands w/in the CWL document.
- https://panda-doma.cern.ch/tasks/?jeditaskid=64402
- https://panda-doma.cern.ch/tasks/?jeditaskid=64405|64402
- Taking *forever* to essentially run echo "hello world".  WTF?

... well, just because PanDA authenticates a workflow doesn't mean there can't be errors in the job script.  Needed to through a newline after #!/usr/bin/env bash

NOTE:  The --avoidVP is avoid virtual placement... whatever that means.

NOTE: --forceStaged is also recommended... for staging data set files to local disk.  Should extend the syntax for datasets.

Couple of other places where the script generation could be better (e.g. in exporting comments...  let's just export as a '#' field rather than an environment variable... TBD.)

Okay.  Things *should* be working now... but the jobs still fail.  So.  First.

Submit top.sh to panda via prun to confirm the shell script is working.  (It runs locally so it damn well better)
https://panda-doma.cern.ch/task/64595

Second.  Prun command in my history has the --noBuild magic flag (along with other magic flags suggested by Tadashi.)  So add this to the prun under  the CWL...

---

Back now to setting up the sPHENIX HF production workflow...  will need to use an input file list...

/sphenix/sim/sim01/sphnxpro/MDC2/HF_pp200_signal/PileUp/log/condor_Charm_3MHz-0000000004-00000.bkglist

... but that is a list of files w/out directories... where are the actual input files, and / or what is the path to them?




