## Tuesday {{date}}

STAR
- Pull Request updating K0 lifetime

SHREK

TODO: PanDA authentication... when we run shrek-submit, if the token needs to be refreshed, the process will hang at that point.  We need instead to send a hello world to the panda  server, and make sure we have that token first...

- Few more iterations... seems to be issues on the server side now.  But simple chain runs the top and bottom workflows...
- But the bottom workflow is still failing...
- May be on my end... looks like the bash script is flaky...

Job ran to completion.  YAY!  So Shrek can create workflows that run through the PanDA.  

... a few notes... script generation is somewhat fragile.  Need to think about how documentation lines get exported.  

Quick test w/ the more complicated workflow... not surprisingly fails b/c datasets are unknown.

Quick test now with pythia8 charm...

$ shrek-submit tests/pythia8-charm-simulation/runPass[12].yaml  --tag TestSim --submit

[Skip existing submission directory .shrek-submit-TestSim-0]
[PanDA submission directory created .shrek-submit-TestSim-1]
copy ../MDC2/submit/HF_pp200_signal/pass1/rundir/* --> .shrek-submit-TestSim-1/__Pythia8CharmSimulation
copy ../MDC2/submit/HF_pp200_signal/pass2/rundir/* --> .shrek-submit-TestSim-1/__Pythia8CharmPileup
copy /sphenix/sim/sim01/sphnxpro/MDC2/HF_pp200_signal/PileUp/log/condor_Charm_3MHz-0000000004-00000.bkglist --> .shrek-submit-TestSim-1/__Pythia8CharmPileup
Job submitted at 2022-05-03 20:47:54.850078 UTC

... appears to have disappeared into the aether.    



