## Monday {{date}}

- [x] [Update Telework](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/16AZZBiKL1s6eGgH2KFiJPnD8-TjRsC0HYy4Qdmbr358/edit#gid=0)

[Massive PR](https://github.com/star-bnl/star-sw/pull/366)
- logic was inverted in the FGT cluster maker for rejecting nullptr hits
- libquadmath is being linked on the FORtran side...
	- would be useful to know what the warning this solves is b/c changing precision has bit us hard before.
	- minor error, so should be good.
	- Few additional commits coming in as we go... 

- SHREK... run latest test... and still broke.  Tadashi had found something pilot related (I think) on Friday... I guess Paul has not had a chance ot look at this...

- Distributed computing... asked Tadashi / Paul for an update... 

- Okay... some refactoring to implement the git / documentation layer for production...
	- Implement a configuration file for shrek  (Site, vo, etc...) on configuration branch.
	- Max number of submissions --> config parameter
	- Now need to implement the scheme.
		- tag --> submission directory
		- branches for
			- development (default) : dev
			- test submission (dry run) : test
			- submission : production
			- ... should make submission directory a parameter...  this will be the local directory under git control.

... something is ... screwy... network keeps hanging ...

- Now have the code in shape to archive submissions onto github.  Will retask the buildSubmissionDirectory script for github.  
- I still need to decide on a github / api.... or should I just shell out and do github requests direct?

May as well use the github REST api... take the time to learn something useful...
[THIS](https://docs.github.com/en/rest/guides/getting-started-with-the-rest-api)

Thinking about how to handle the git interaction... in terms of password / token / security... I probably shouldn't deal with this?  I suspect that git will ask for authorization whenever needed... should do a quick trial run w/ the tutorials...



