sPHENIX production system
- Setup a few jobs w/ direct copy back to disk in sphnxpro account
- Next step is to setup pass2...
	- ... but first need to see 10 events / job for 5 jobs run...
- Looking at the pass2 workflow, OMFG the perl scrtips.  The perl scripts...
- There are DB lookups for locations of MB background files... which I would prefer not to have to access...  Maybe just start by preparing a list of precompiled background files by hand... but more to the point, the job will need to have access to those files... 
- Trying to run pchain now (w/ hello panda)
	- Appears that the local directory is uploaded as per PanDA/pchain rules...
		- This circumvents the CWL protocols...
	- Waiting for the top step to go through...
- Assuming that runs... reshaping hello panda into two step run w/ HF production as first step, and "ls" with output to disk as second (want to see that the output DS is available...
- Waiting a couple of hours now... showing status of activated...

 
- Okay... dumb (ish) question.  Why pchain?  CWL can be used to decribe a workflow that submits a job (via) prun, and produces an output dataset.  Then, doesn't CWL monitor and wait until data is available to launch the second step?
	- The PanDA is SLOW SLOW SLOW ... Sloth... today
	- Or is it the Condor?

sPHENIX Handy Remote Execution Coordinator...

Few questions about the panda pchain workflow...

How do I transmit parameters to the exec string?


The problem that I am trying to unroll...

CWL allows one to specify parameters of some command line tool... i.e. the arguements to a command line option.  PanDA pchain takes a CWL which uses prun as that tool... one of its options is the "exec" field, which is the command to executs.  I would like to build this up from parametes expressed in the YAML file... but... the exec is a parameter.  How to build up a parameter from other parameters?